Good afternoon. I would like to change my address. I've recently moved and I can't find where to do this on the website.
Yeah, you can't do it on the website. Unfortunately, you can only do it in the branch.
Sorry, so I have to go into a branch to actually change my address.
Yes.
That seems a bit unnecessary. Is there no way to do it online? I don't drive and the local branch is quite far away.
I simply have no time this week to do this. Is there no other option apart from going in person?
Unfortunately, no. There's not an option to do it online and the reason you can't do it over the phone is because we have to see your ID, which is why you have to go into the branch.
Is there no way to take a photo and put it online? I mean, it seems very unnecessary to just drive all the way, especially with the computer nowadays, just take a photo and send it in.
Yeah. As I said, unfortunately, that's not something that we offer, so if you want to change the address, the only way you can do that is by going into the branch, as I've said.
Well, it's very unnecessary. It's a bit of a pain, isn't it? Fine.
Yeah, sorry about that. Okay, then we'll have to do that then. We'll find then. Goodbye.
Bye.